# PicIt

PicIt is a competitive photography mobile game that was built using Kotlin and Firebase.

In this game you can create your own virtual rooms to play with your friends and family where everyone will be challenged everyday!

## Game Modes

PicIt has 2 game mode: PicDesc and RePic.

When playing PicDesc every player can be a room leader! The room leader is the player that has the power to submit a description of a photo to be taken by the rest of the players in the room. This picture could be whatever the leader desires! After the description is released (at the same time for all the players) the objetive for the rest of the players is to take a picture as similar and as fast as possible to the given description.
The winner of the round (you can define how many rounds there will be the room) is the person with the fastest time and most similar picture to the given description and wins points for the leaderboard, this decision is taken by the room leader. While the leader is evaluating the pictures the other players can also evaluate each others pictures and the person with more votes also wins points!

While playing RePic you will notice that there are also rooms but this time there is no room leader. Each day (round) at a given time a picture will be generated by an AI Image Generator and the objective isn't to take the fastest picture but the most similar because the picture that you take will be submitted to a comparison test and the player with the highest similarity percentage wins the round!
